Update search attributes related pages (#525)
temporalio/documentation: docs/server/versions-dependencies.md

- **Prometheus >= v2.0**
- **Grafana >= v2.5**

## Upgrade your version of Temporal

> If there is a newer version of Temporal available, a notification will appear in the Temporal Web UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a newer version of Temporal is available, a notification appears in the Temporal Web UI.
```
